README.md, before:

# Tweasel CLI

> Command-line tool for the libraries of the tweasel project.

The tweasel project provides various JavaScript libraries for instrumenting and analyzing mobile apps and their traffic. `tweasel-cli` is a command-line tool that provides a convenient wrapper around these libraries for common use cases, so you don't have to write any code. Currently, support for [`cyanoacrylate`](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cyanoacrylate) and [`TrackHAR`](https://github.com/tweaselORG/TrackHAR) is implemented.

The tweasel CLI provides the following commands:

* `record-traffic`: Record the traffic of an Android or iOS app in HAR format.

  The app will be installed and started automatically on the device or emulator. Its traffic will be then recorded until the user stops the collection or for the specified duration and saved as a HAR file at the end. You can either record the traffic of the entire system or only the specified app (default on Android, currently unsupported on iOS).

  The app can optionally be uninstalled automatically afterwards.
* `detect-tracking`: Detect tracking data transmissions from traffic in HAR format.

  The traffic in the specified HAR file will be analyzed using TrackHAR. The detected tracking data can be output as a human-readable table or as JSON.
* `android-emulator`: Manage Android emulators.

  You can create, start, and delete Android emulators. You can also create and delete snapshots of emulators.

More commands and support for the other libraries will be added soon.

If you want more control over the analysis, you can use the libraries directly. See the [README for cyanoacrylate](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cyanoacrylate).

<!-- The heading levels are unfortunately really messed up here. This is caused by oclif's README generator: https://github.com/oclif/dev-cli/issues/112 -->

## Installation

To use `tweasel-cli`, you need to have Node.js and Python 3.8 or greater installed. Depending on the device platform(s) you are interested in, you need to install different host dependencies. Take a look at the [README for appstraction](https://github.com/tweaselORG/appstraction#host-dependencies-for-android) and follow the instructions to install those.

You can then install the tweasel CLI using yarn or npm (you probably want to install it globally):

```sh
yarn global add tweasel-cli
# or `npm i -g tweasel-cli`
```

You can run the CLI using the `tweasel` command.

# Commands

<!-- commands -->
* [`tweasel android-emulator:create <NAME>`](#tweasel-android-emulatorcreate-name)
* [`tweasel android-emulator:delete <NAME>`](#tweasel-android-emulatordelete-name)
* [`tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:create <NAME>`](#tweasel-android-emulatorsnapshotcreate-name)
* [`tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:delete <NAME>`](#tweasel-android-emulatorsnapshotdelete-name)
* [`tweasel android-emulator:start <NAME>`](#tweasel-android-emulatorstart-name)
* [`tweasel autocomplete [SHELL]`](#tweasel-autocomplete-shell)
* [`tweasel detect-tracking <HAR FILE>`](#tweasel-detect-tracking-har-file)
* [`tweasel help [COMMANDS]`](#tweasel-help-commands)
* [`tweasel record-traffic <APP FILE(S)>`](#tweasel-record-traffic-app-files)

## `tweasel android-emulator:create <NAME>`

Create Android emulators.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel android-emulator:create <NAME> [--package <value> | --api-level <value> | --variant
    default|google_apis|google_apis_playstore|aosp_atd|google_atd|android-tv|google-tv|android-wear|android-wear-cn |
    --architecture x86|x86_64|arm64-v8a|armeabi-v7a] [--device <value>] [--partition-size <value>] [--force]

ARGUMENTS
  <NAME>  The name of the emulator to create.

FLAGS
  --api-level=<value>       The API level of the system image to use for the emulator, such as 30 for Android 11.
  --architecture=<option>   The architecture of the system image to use for the emulator.
                            <options: x86|x86_64|arm64-v8a|armeabi-v7a>
  --device=<value>          The name of the device to use for the emulator, which determines the screen size,
                            resolution, density and hardware features. Defaults to `pixel_4`.
  --[no-]force              Whether to overwrite an existing emulator with the same name or not.
  --package=<value>         The package path of the system image to use as understood by `sdkmanager` (e.g.
                            `system-images;android-30;google_apis;x86_64`).
  --partition-size=<value>  The partition size of the emulator in MB. Note that sometimes the partition size is not
                            respected exactly, but the partition will always have at least the specified size.
  --variant=<option>        The variant of the system image to use for the emulator.
                            <options: default|google_apis|google_apis_playstore|aosp_atd|google_atd|android-tv|google-tv
                            |android-wear|android-wear-cn>

DESCRIPTION
  Create Android emulators.

  You can either use the --package flag to manually specify a system image to use, or use the --api-level, --variant,
  and --architecture flags to specify the system image to use. Alternatively, they will be prompted for interactively if
  not specified.

EXAMPLES
  Create an Android emulator called `my-emulator`. You will be interactively prompted for the system image to use.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:create my-emulator

  Create an x86_64 Android 13 emulator called `android13`.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:create android13 --api-level 33 --variant google_apis --architecture x86_64

  Create the same emulator as in the last example but specified by package path.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:create android13 "system-images;android-33;google_apis;x86_64"

  Create an emulator called `pixel2` with a Pixel 2 device and a 16 GB partition size.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:create pixel2 --device pixel_2 --partition-size 16384

  Create an emulator called `test`, overridign any potential existing emulator with the same name.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:create test --force
```

_See code: [dist/commands/android-emulator/create.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/android-emulator/create.ts)_

## `tweasel android-emulator:delete <NAME>`

Delete the specified emulator.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel android-emulator:delete <NAME>

ARGUMENTS
  <NAME>  The name of the emulator to delete.

EXAMPLES
  Delete the emulator called `my-emulator`.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:delete my-emulator
```

_See code: [dist/commands/android-emulator/delete.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/android-emulator/delete.ts)_

## `tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:create <NAME>`

Create a snapshot for the currently running emulator.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:create <NAME>

ARGUMENTS
  <NAME>  The name of the snapshot to create.

EXAMPLES
  Create a snapshot called `clean`.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:create clean
```

_See code: [dist/commands/android-emulator/snapshot/create.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/android-emulator/snapshot/create.ts)_

## `tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:delete <NAME>`

Delete the snapshot with the specified name for the currently running emulator.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:delete <NAME>

ARGUMENTS
  <NAME>  The name of the snapshot to delete.

EXAMPLES
  Delete the snapshot called `clean`.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:delete clean
```

_See code: [dist/commands/android-emulator/snapshot/delete.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/android-emulator/snapshot/delete.ts)_

## `tweasel android-emulator:start <NAME>`

Start the specified emulator.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel android-emulator:start <NAME>

ARGUMENTS
  <NAME>  The name of the emulator to start.

EXAMPLES
  Start the emulator called `my-emulator`.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:start my-emulator
```

_See code: [dist/commands/android-emulator/start.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/android-emulator/start.ts)_

## `tweasel autocomplete [SHELL]`

display autocomplete installation instructions

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel autocomplete [SHELL] [-r]

ARGUMENTS
  SHELL  shell type

FLAGS
  -r, --refresh-cache  Refresh cache (ignores displaying instructions)

DESCRIPTION
  display autocomplete installation instructions

EXAMPLES
  $ tweasel autocomplete

  $ tweasel autocomplete bash

  $ tweasel autocomplete zsh

  $ tweasel autocomplete --refresh-cache
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-autocomplete](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-autocomplete/blob/v2.1.8/src/commands/autocomplete/index.ts)_

## `tweasel detect-tracking <HAR FILE>`

Detect tracking data transmissions from traffic in HAR format.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel detect-tracking <HAR FILE> [--json] [--hide-unmatched] [--columns <value> | -x] [--sort <value>]
    [--filter <value>] [--output csv|json|yaml |  | [--csv | --no-truncate]] [--no-header | ]

ARGUMENTS
  <HAR FILE>  The path to the HAR file to analyze.

FLAGS
  -x, --extended         show extra columns
  --columns=<value>      only show provided columns (comma-separated)
  --csv                  output is csv format [alias: --output=csv]
  --filter=<value>       filter property by partial string matching, ex: name=foo
  --[no-]hide-unmatched  Hide requests that were not matched by any adapter.
  --no-header            hide table header from output
  --no-truncate          do not truncate output to fit screen
  --output=<option>      output in a more machine friendly format
                         <options: csv|json|yaml>
  --sort=<value>         property to sort by (prepend '-' for descending)

GLOBAL FLAGS
  --json  Format output as json.

DESCRIPTION
  Detect tracking data transmissions from traffic in HAR format.

  By default, this will output a human-readable table of the detected tracking data for each requests. You can use
  various flags to adjust the way the tables are displayed. If you instead want a machine-readable output, use the
  --json flag.

  To show requests not matched by any adapter, use the --no-hide-unmatched flag.

EXAMPLES
  Detect tracking data transmissions in `app.har` and display them in table form, hiding requests to unsupported
  endpoints.

    $ tweasel detect-tracking app.har

  Detect tracking data transmissions in `app.har` and display them in table form, but show requests to unsupported
  endpoints.

    $ tweasel detect-tracking app.har --no-hide-unmatched

  Detect tracking data transmissions in `app.har` and display them in table form with additional details.

    $ tweasel detect-tracking app.har --extended

  Detect tracking data transmissions in `app.har` and output them as JSON.

    $ tweasel detect-tracking app.har --json
```

_See code: [dist/commands/detect-tracking.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/detect-tracking.ts)_

## `tweasel help [COMMANDS]`

Display help for tweasel.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel help [COMMANDS] [-n]

ARGUMENTS
  COMMANDS  Command to show help for.

FLAGS
  -n, --nested-commands  Include all nested commands in the output.

DESCRIPTION
  Display help for tweasel.
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-help](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-help/blob/v5.2.9/src/commands/help.ts)_

## `tweasel record-traffic <APP FILE(S)>`

Record the traffic of an Android or iOS app in HAR format.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel record-traffic <APP FILE(S)> [-p android|ios] [-t device|emulator] [--multiple-collections | --timeout
    <value>] [-o <value>] [--bypass-certificate-pinning] [--all-traffic] [--uninstall-app] [--stop-app]
    [--grant-permissions] [--bypass-tracking-domain-resolution-check] [--ios-ip <value>] [--ios-proxy-ip <value>]
    [--ios-root-pw <value>] [--emulator-name <value>] [--emulator-snapshot-name <value>] [--emulator-headless]
    [--emulator-no-audio] [--emulator-ephemeral]

ARGUMENTS
  <APP FILE(S)>  The path to the app to analyze (.ipa on iOS, .apk on Android). Can be specified multiple times for
                 split APKs on Android.

FLAGS
  -o, --output=<value>                       The path to the HAR file to save the traffic to. If not specified, a file
                                             named <app ID>.har will be created in the current directory.
  -p, --platform=<option>                    The platform to run the app on (will be inferred from the first app file if
                                             not specified).
                                             <options: android|ios>
  -t, --run-target=<option>                  [default: device] The target to run the app on.
                                             <options: device|emulator>
  --all-traffic                              By default, only the traffic of the specified app is recorded on Android.
                                             Set this flag to record all traffic. On iOS, all system traffic is always
                                             recorded.
  --[no-]bypass-certificate-pinning          Bypass certificate pinning on Android using objection. Enabled by default.
  --bypass-tracking-domain-resolution-check  By default, we assert that a few tracking domains can be resolved. This is
                                             useful to ensure that no DNS tracking blocker is interfering with the
                                             results. Set this flag to disable this behavior.
  --[no-]grant-permissions                   Automatically grant all permissions to the app. Enabled by default.
  --multiple-collections                     By providing this flag, you can separate the recorded traffic into multiple
                                             named chunks. Each chunk is saved in a separate HAR file and you are
                                             interactively prompted to start, stop and name the chunks. This can for
                                             example be useful if you want to clearly differentiate between traffic from
                                             before interacting with a consent dialog and after.
  --[no-]stop-app                            Whether to stop the app after the analysis. Enabled by default.
  --timeout=<value>                          By default, traffic is recorded until you manually end the collection. By
                                             providing this flag, you can set an explicit timeout (in seconds) after
                                             which the recording is stopped automatically. This is especially useful for
                                             automated analyses.
  --uninstall-app                            Whether to uninstall the app after the analysis.

EMULATOR FLAGS
  --emulator-ephemeral              Whether to discard all changes when exiting the emulator.
  --emulator-headless               Whether to start the emulator in headless mode.
  --emulator-name=<value>           The name of the emulator to start. If you don't provide this, you need to start the
                                    emulator yourself.
  --emulator-no-audio               Whether to start the emulator with audio disabled.
  --emulator-snapshot-name=<value>  The name of a snapshot to reset the emulator to before starting.

IOS FLAGS
  --ios-ip=<value>        The IP address of the iOS device.
  --ios-proxy-ip=<value>  The IP address of the host running the proxy to set up on the iOS device.
  --ios-root-pw=<value>   [default: alpine] The password of the root user on the iOS device.

DESCRIPTION
  Record the traffic of an Android or iOS app in HAR format.

  The app will be installed and started automatically on the device or emulator. Its traffic will be then recorded until
  the user stops the collection or for the specified duration and saved as a HAR file at the end. You can either record
  the traffic of the entire system or only the specified app (default on Android, currently unsupported on iOS).

  The app can optionally be uninstalled automatically afterwards.

EXAMPLES
  Record the traffic of the Android app `app.apk` on a physical device. Wait for the user to stop the collection.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk

  Record the traffic of the iOS app `app.ipa` for 60 seconds on the physical iPhone with the IP 10.0.0.2. The host
  that runs the proxy has the IP 10.0.0.2.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.ipa --timeout 60 --ios-ip 10.0.0.3 --ios-proxy-ip 10.0.0.2

  Record the traffic of `app.apk` in multiple chunks. Wait for the user to start and stop each chunk. Each chunk is
  saved as a separate HAR file, with the chunk name appended to filename.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk --multiple-collections

  Record the traffic of an Android app consisting of multiple split APKs.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk config.en.app.apk config.xxhdpi.app.apk

  Record the traffic of `app.apk` for 30 seconds in the emulator called `my-emulator` and start that emulator
  automatically.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk -t emulator --emulator-name my-emulator --timeout 30

  Record the traffic of `app.apk` for 10 seconds and save the HAR file to `traffic.har` in your home directory.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk -o ~/traffic.har --timeout 10

  Install and run `app.apk` but record the traffic of the entire system.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk --all-traffic
```

_See code: [dist/commands/record-traffic.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/record-traffic.ts)_
<!-- commandsstop -->

## License

This code is licensed under the MIT license, see the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file for details.

Issues and pull requests are welcome! Please be aware that by contributing, you agree for your work to be licensed under an MIT license.

Commit message:

Fixes #12: Support already installed apps in `record-traffic`

README.md, after:

# Tweasel CLI

> Command-line tool for the libraries of the tweasel project.

The tweasel project provides various JavaScript libraries for instrumenting and analyzing mobile apps and their traffic. `tweasel-cli` is a command-line tool that provides a convenient wrapper around these libraries for common use cases, so you don't have to write any code. Currently, support for [`cyanoacrylate`](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cyanoacrylate) and [`TrackHAR`](https://github.com/tweaselORG/TrackHAR) is implemented.

The tweasel CLI provides the following commands:

* `record-traffic`: Record the traffic of an Android or iOS app in HAR format.

  The app will be installed and started automatically on the device or emulator. Its traffic will be then recorded until the user stops the collection or for the specified duration and saved as a HAR file at the end. You can either record the traffic of the entire system or only the specified app (default on Android, currently unsupported on iOS).

  The app can optionally be uninstalled automatically afterwards.
* `detect-tracking`: Detect tracking data transmissions from traffic in HAR format.

  The traffic in the specified HAR file will be analyzed using TrackHAR. The detected tracking data can be output as a human-readable table or as JSON.
* `android-emulator`: Manage Android emulators.

  You can create, start, and delete Android emulators. You can also create and delete snapshots of emulators.

More commands and support for the other libraries will be added soon.

If you want more control over the analysis, you can use the libraries directly. See the [README for cyanoacrylate](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cyanoacrylate).

<!-- The heading levels are unfortunately really messed up here. This is caused by oclif's README generator: https://github.com/oclif/dev-cli/issues/112 -->

## Installation

To use `tweasel-cli`, you need to have Node.js and Python 3.8 or greater installed. Depending on the device platform(s) you are interested in, you need to install different host dependencies. Take a look at the [README for appstraction](https://github.com/tweaselORG/appstraction#host-dependencies-for-android) and follow the instructions to install those.

You can then install the tweasel CLI using yarn or npm (you probably want to install it globally):

```sh
yarn global add tweasel-cli
# or `npm i -g tweasel-cli`
```

You can run the CLI using the `tweasel` command.

# Commands

<!-- commands -->
* [`tweasel android-emulator:create <NAME>`](#tweasel-android-emulatorcreate-name)
* [`tweasel android-emulator:delete <NAME>`](#tweasel-android-emulatordelete-name)
* [`tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:create <NAME>`](#tweasel-android-emulatorsnapshotcreate-name)
* [`tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:delete <NAME>`](#tweasel-android-emulatorsnapshotdelete-name)
* [`tweasel android-emulator:start <NAME>`](#tweasel-android-emulatorstart-name)
* [`tweasel autocomplete [SHELL]`](#tweasel-autocomplete-shell)
* [`tweasel detect-tracking <HAR FILE>`](#tweasel-detect-tracking-har-file)
* [`tweasel help [COMMANDS]`](#tweasel-help-commands)
* [`tweasel record-traffic <APP ID OR APP FILE(S)>`](#tweasel-record-traffic-app-id-or-app-files)

## `tweasel android-emulator:create <NAME>`

Create Android emulators.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel android-emulator:create <NAME> [--package <value> | --api-level <value> | --variant
    default|google_apis|google_apis_playstore|aosp_atd|google_atd|android-tv|google-tv|android-wear|android-wear-cn |
    --architecture x86|x86_64|arm64-v8a|armeabi-v7a] [--device <value>] [--partition-size <value>] [--force]

ARGUMENTS
  <NAME>  The name of the emulator to create.

FLAGS
  --api-level=<value>       The API level of the system image to use for the emulator, such as 30 for Android 11.
  --architecture=<option>   The architecture of the system image to use for the emulator.
                            <options: x86|x86_64|arm64-v8a|armeabi-v7a>
  --device=<value>          The name of the device to use for the emulator, which determines the screen size,
                            resolution, density and hardware features. Defaults to `pixel_4`.
  --[no-]force              Whether to overwrite an existing emulator with the same name or not.
  --package=<value>         The package path of the system image to use as understood by `sdkmanager` (e.g.
                            `system-images;android-30;google_apis;x86_64`).
  --partition-size=<value>  The partition size of the emulator in MB. Note that sometimes the partition size is not
                            respected exactly, but the partition will always have at least the specified size.
  --variant=<option>        The variant of the system image to use for the emulator.
                            <options: default|google_apis|google_apis_playstore|aosp_atd|google_atd|android-tv|google-tv
                            |android-wear|android-wear-cn>

DESCRIPTION
  Create Android emulators.

  You can either use the --package flag to manually specify a system image to use, or use the --api-level, --variant,
  and --architecture flags to specify the system image to use. Alternatively, they will be prompted for interactively if
  not specified.

EXAMPLES
  Create an Android emulator called `my-emulator`. You will be interactively prompted for the system image to use.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:create my-emulator

  Create an x86_64 Android 13 emulator called `android13`.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:create android13 --api-level 33 --variant google_apis --architecture x86_64

  Create the same emulator as in the last example but specified by package path.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:create android13 "system-images;android-33;google_apis;x86_64"

  Create an emulator called `pixel2` with a Pixel 2 device and a 16 GB partition size.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:create pixel2 --device pixel_2 --partition-size 16384

  Create an emulator called `test`, overridign any potential existing emulator with the same name.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:create test --force
```

_See code: [dist/commands/android-emulator/create.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/android-emulator/create.ts)_

## `tweasel android-emulator:delete <NAME>`

Delete the specified emulator.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel android-emulator:delete <NAME>

ARGUMENTS
  <NAME>  The name of the emulator to delete.

EXAMPLES
  Delete the emulator called `my-emulator`.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:delete my-emulator
```

_See code: [dist/commands/android-emulator/delete.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/android-emulator/delete.ts)_

## `tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:create <NAME>`

Create a snapshot for the currently running emulator.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:create <NAME>

ARGUMENTS
  <NAME>  The name of the snapshot to create.

EXAMPLES
  Create a snapshot called `clean`.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:create clean
```

_See code: [dist/commands/android-emulator/snapshot/create.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/android-emulator/snapshot/create.ts)_

## `tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:delete <NAME>`

Delete the snapshot with the specified name for the currently running emulator.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:delete <NAME>

ARGUMENTS
  <NAME>  The name of the snapshot to delete.

EXAMPLES
  Delete the snapshot called `clean`.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:snapshot:delete clean
```

_See code: [dist/commands/android-emulator/snapshot/delete.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/android-emulator/snapshot/delete.ts)_

## `tweasel android-emulator:start <NAME>`

Start the specified emulator.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel android-emulator:start <NAME>

ARGUMENTS
  <NAME>  The name of the emulator to start.

EXAMPLES
  Start the emulator called `my-emulator`.

    $ tweasel android-emulator:start my-emulator
```

_See code: [dist/commands/android-emulator/start.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/android-emulator/start.ts)_

## `tweasel autocomplete [SHELL]`

display autocomplete installation instructions

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel autocomplete [SHELL] [-r]

ARGUMENTS
  SHELL  shell type

FLAGS
  -r, --refresh-cache  Refresh cache (ignores displaying instructions)

DESCRIPTION
  display autocomplete installation instructions

EXAMPLES
  $ tweasel autocomplete

  $ tweasel autocomplete bash

  $ tweasel autocomplete zsh

  $ tweasel autocomplete --refresh-cache
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-autocomplete](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-autocomplete/blob/v2.1.8/src/commands/autocomplete/index.ts)_

## `tweasel detect-tracking <HAR FILE>`

Detect tracking data transmissions from traffic in HAR format.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel detect-tracking <HAR FILE> [--json] [--hide-unmatched] [--columns <value> | -x] [--sort <value>]
    [--filter <value>] [--output csv|json|yaml |  | [--csv | --no-truncate]] [--no-header | ]

ARGUMENTS
  <HAR FILE>  The path to the HAR file to analyze.

FLAGS
  -x, --extended         show extra columns
  --columns=<value>      only show provided columns (comma-separated)
  --csv                  output is csv format [alias: --output=csv]
  --filter=<value>       filter property by partial string matching, ex: name=foo
  --[no-]hide-unmatched  Hide requests that were not matched by any adapter.
  --no-header            hide table header from output
  --no-truncate          do not truncate output to fit screen
  --output=<option>      output in a more machine friendly format
                         <options: csv|json|yaml>
  --sort=<value>         property to sort by (prepend '-' for descending)

GLOBAL FLAGS
  --json  Format output as json.

DESCRIPTION
  Detect tracking data transmissions from traffic in HAR format.

  By default, this will output a human-readable table of the detected tracking data for each requests. You can use
  various flags to adjust the way the tables are displayed. If you instead want a machine-readable output, use the
  --json flag.

  To show requests not matched by any adapter, use the --no-hide-unmatched flag.

EXAMPLES
  Detect tracking data transmissions in `app.har` and display them in table form, hiding requests to unsupported
  endpoints.

    $ tweasel detect-tracking app.har

  Detect tracking data transmissions in `app.har` and display them in table form, but show requests to unsupported
  endpoints.

    $ tweasel detect-tracking app.har --no-hide-unmatched

  Detect tracking data transmissions in `app.har` and display them in table form with additional details.

    $ tweasel detect-tracking app.har --extended

  Detect tracking data transmissions in `app.har` and output them as JSON.

    $ tweasel detect-tracking app.har --json
```

_See code: [dist/commands/detect-tracking.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/detect-tracking.ts)_

## `tweasel help [COMMANDS]`

Display help for tweasel.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel help [COMMANDS] [-n]

ARGUMENTS
  COMMANDS  Command to show help for.

FLAGS
  -n, --nested-commands  Include all nested commands in the output.

DESCRIPTION
  Display help for tweasel.
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-help](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-help/blob/v5.2.9/src/commands/help.ts)_

## `tweasel record-traffic <APP ID OR APP FILE(S)>`

Record the traffic of an Android or iOS app in HAR format.

```
USAGE
  $ tweasel record-traffic <APP ID OR APP FILE(S)> [-p android|ios] [-t device|emulator] [--multiple-collections |
    --timeout <value>] [-o <value>] [--bypass-certificate-pinning] [--all-traffic] [--uninstall-app] [--stop-app]
    [--grant-permissions] [--bypass-tracking-domain-resolution-check] [--ios-ip <value>] [--ios-proxy-ip <value>]
    [--ios-root-pw <value>] [--emulator-name <value>] [--emulator-snapshot-name <value>] [--emulator-headless]
    [--emulator-no-audio] [--emulator-ephemeral]

ARGUMENTS
  <APP ID OR APP FILE(S)>  The app to analyze. Can either be the bundle ID of an app that is already installed on the
                           device or the path to the app to analyze (.ipa on iOS, .apk on Android). You can specify
                           multiple paths for split APKs on Android.
                           If you specify an app ID, you need to provide the --platform flag.

FLAGS
  -o, --output=<value>                       The path to the HAR file to save the traffic to. If not specified, a file
                                             named <app ID>.har will be created in the current directory.
  -p, --platform=<option>                    The platform to run the app on (will be inferred from the first app file if
                                             not specified). Required if you provide an app ID instead of files.
                                             <options: android|ios>
  -t, --run-target=<option>                  [default: device] The target to run the app on.
                                             <options: device|emulator>
  --all-traffic                              By default, only the traffic of the specified app is recorded on Android.
                                             Set this flag to record all traffic. On iOS, all system traffic is always
                                             recorded.
  --[no-]bypass-certificate-pinning          Bypass certificate pinning on Android using objection. Enabled by default.
  --bypass-tracking-domain-resolution-check  By default, we assert that a few tracking domains can be resolved. This is
                                             useful to ensure that no DNS tracking blocker is interfering with the
                                             results. Set this flag to disable this behavior.
  --[no-]grant-permissions                   Automatically grant all permissions to the app. Enabled by default.
  --multiple-collections                     By providing this flag, you can separate the recorded traffic into multiple
                                             named chunks. Each chunk is saved in a separate HAR file and you are
                                             interactively prompted to start, stop and name the chunks. This can for
                                             example be useful if you want to clearly differentiate between traffic from
                                             before interacting with a consent dialog and after.
  --[no-]stop-app                            Whether to stop the app after the analysis. Enabled by default.
  --timeout=<value>                          By default, traffic is recorded until you manually end the collection. By
                                             providing this flag, you can set an explicit timeout (in seconds) after
                                             which the recording is stopped automatically. This is especially useful for
                                             automated analyses.
  --uninstall-app                            Whether to uninstall the app after the analysis.

EMULATOR FLAGS
  --emulator-ephemeral              Whether to discard all changes when exiting the emulator.
  --emulator-headless               Whether to start the emulator in headless mode.
  --emulator-name=<value>           The name of the emulator to start. If you don't provide this, you need to start the
                                    emulator yourself.
  --emulator-no-audio               Whether to start the emulator with audio disabled.
  --emulator-snapshot-name=<value>  The name of a snapshot to reset the emulator to before starting.

IOS FLAGS
  --ios-ip=<value>        The IP address of the iOS device.
  --ios-proxy-ip=<value>  The IP address of the host running the proxy to set up on the iOS device.
  --ios-root-pw=<value>   [default: alpine] The password of the root user on the iOS device.

DESCRIPTION
  Record the traffic of an Android or iOS app in HAR format.

  The app will be started automatically on the device or emulator. Its traffic will be then recorded until the user
  stops the collection or for the specified duration and saved as a HAR file at the end. You can either record the
  traffic of the entire system or only the specified app (default on Android, currently unsupported on iOS).

  The app can optionally be uninstalled automatically afterwards.

EXAMPLES
  Record the traffic of the Android app `app.apk` on a physical device. Wait for the user to stop the collection.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk

  Record the traffic of the app with the ID `org.example.app` on a physical Android device.

    $ tweasel record-traffic org.example.app --platform android

  Record the traffic of the iOS app `app.ipa` for 60 seconds on the physical iPhone with the IP 10.0.0.2. The host
  that runs the proxy has the IP 10.0.0.2.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.ipa --timeout 60 --ios-ip 10.0.0.3 --ios-proxy-ip 10.0.0.2

  Record the traffic of `app.apk` in multiple chunks. Wait for the user to start and stop each chunk. Each chunk is
  saved as a separate HAR file, with the chunk name appended to filename.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk --multiple-collections

  Record the traffic of an Android app consisting of multiple split APKs.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk config.en.app.apk config.xxhdpi.app.apk

  Record the traffic of `app.apk` for 30 seconds in the emulator called `my-emulator` and start that emulator
  automatically.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk -t emulator --emulator-name my-emulator --timeout 30

  Record the traffic of `app.apk` for 10 seconds and save the HAR file to `traffic.har` in your home directory.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk -o ~/traffic.har --timeout 10

  Install and run `app.apk` but record the traffic of the entire system.

    $ tweasel record-traffic app.apk --all-traffic
```

_See code: [dist/commands/record-traffic.ts](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cli/blob/v0.1.0/dist/commands/record-traffic.ts)_
<!-- commandsstop -->

## License

This code is licensed under the MIT license, see the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file for details.

Issues and pull requests are welcome! Please be aware that by contributing, you agree for your work to be licensed under an MIT license.
